Stop
Daughter dad sorry for you
Dad is useless
Dad couldn't save his last estate
Dad, it's okay, you've done a great job
Uncle, my father is your relative after all
How can you force him to death?
Dad works for you, and it doesn't count if you don't pay
And you humiliated him?
I still want to eat his unique skills
You're worse than animals.
Shut up, bargain
You can see that.
It was your father who had to lift this decade by himself
No one forced him.
It is our ancestors who are martial arts
Your father lost to the Fuso people
Lost the face of our ancestors
Lost our face in Zhaojiacun
If he can't lift this decade today
He is not qualified to offer incense to his ancestors
He is not from our Zhaojiacun
Since he is not
Everything about him leaves the palace
No no no
Don't be reluctant
Chief, I beg you
That was the last inheritance I left to the Tathagata
second uncle
Then you are in a hurry
Can you?
Isn't it just a 300kg 10 years?
I'll just go for my dad